So what is this symbol dot species that basically overrides the default behavior of this built in method
right here and instead of returning an instance of the built in method returns an instance of this derived
class right here.
So what it does is essentially it's a static accessor property and it returns a function.
It actually returns a constructor function and this constructor function is to be used whenever you
need to create an instance of a class inside of an instance method.
So right here this is an instance method and instead of using a constructor function which is what we
would typically do we need to use symbol dot species in the function that it returns because we can't
use a constructor function here.
Now a number of different types have this built into it have the symbol that species on it.
Ray Ray buffer which we haven't talked about.
Matt promis regular expressions sets and typed arrays.
We're going to be talking about a few of these in more detail later but for now just know that it's
going to return a constructor function that we can use to create an instance of a class even though
we are inside of an instance method that is a method that is on an instance of our class or on an object
so we can still create another instance of our class from within the object.